what is data model in Marketing cloud ? 
 there are two types of data model in markeitng cloud 
    1 . List 
    2 . Data Extension 
    
      - List : List are basically are used to store information of subscriber. A List is a compilation of subscribers that receive your communications. You can create as                many Lists as you need to segment your subscribers in order to target your email communications.Lists store the email address and subscriber status                      (Active, Bounced, Held, Unsubscribed) for each subscriber. As an option, a subscriber key can be defined, as well as profile and preference attributes.
      
      - Advantage of list                
              A List can be configured to send a welcome email when a new subscriber opts in.
              Lists also give you the option to enable double opt-ins for new subscribers to receive an email containing a link to confirm their email address. When the                link is opened, their status changes to active and they receive messages sent to that List. The subscriber remains unsubscribed until the link is open.
      
      - Disabvantage of list 
              If a recipient unsubscribes from any one of your Lists, they are unsubscribed from all your Lists.
              Lists can only store first name, last name, email address, status, and a subscriber key for each of your subscribers.



      - Data Extension : like Lists, Data Extensions are a compilation of subscribers who receive your communications. You can create as many data extensions as you need                          to segment your subscribers in order to target your communications or to house relational data.
      
      - Advantage of Data Extension : You are able to import and store data from an external system. Imported data can be used to help segment subscribers or to include                                       dynamic email content.
                                      Data Extensions can hold any type of information you need to collect, such as:
                                          Address
                                          Affiliation
                                          Purchase history
                                          Communication topic preferences
        
                                    Data Extensions can point to other Data Extensions that hold even more information. These are called relational Data Extensions.
                                    Data Extensions are typically defined as Sendable and/or Testable. Sendable can be used for sending emails. Testable can be used for testing emails. A Data Extension can be both, either, or neither.
                                    Using Data Extensions gives you the ability to use Publication Lists (different from Lists described above) to manage unsubscribes in a granular manner.
      
      - Disadvange of Data Extension - They’re a little more work to set up—Data Extensions require more configuration and planning.
                                       No welcome email or double opt-in options.
